so we're out in court site and there's
Ryan GPA claim just west down south of
the freeway looks like a dog gun impact
zone for military training here's our
little slice of heaven we've been
digging a hole back here we got our
panning rigs up in front with a couple
buckets of water the other thing is our
machine would leave our success to
giving any kind of gold at all which
we've got parts of grams is just moving
a lot of material come up past the
machine here you can see in front the
heavy stuff that drops off the big
grizzly and then all the fines here on
the side just in my shadow there these
are all the fines I think pumping I'll
come back
look at this admit here's the area we've
been digging in it's about deep as ax
handle this is where we started was with
this where the shovel is dug back quite
a bit today dad and I this is for
Rabbinical Brian last couple of days
thought dig deeper will be better turned
out not we're getting pretty nice color
right out of this top two feet of
material and it's kind of convenient
just break it up with the pickaxe and
it's just dirt take a step over to the
Grizzly dump it on the top the big
material falls out the bottom you can
see that we've cleared to fly all the
way the second screen in there quarter
inch heavy screen and it comes down here
to these bellows and I got another
pictures of this thing around elsewhere
but the gold color cloth in there is
backed by the same quarter inch mistress
up above and then these bellows pump up
and down
and blow air through there and the air
bounces the gold into the little
crevices here and then the light stuff
goes off the top and makes this pile
down here find lighter weight stuff for
the amazing gold so heavier just sinks
right in natural gold machine